ARCHITECTURE.md, before:

# Architecture

## **Figure 1:** Application Architecture

This architecture follows a typical "onion model" closely.
> ... where each layer doesn't know about the layer above it, and each layer is responsible for a specific thing.
>> [Application Architecture from templ.guide](https://templ.guide/project-structure/project-structure/#application-architecture)

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "HTTP Handler"
        HTTPHandler
        %% HTTPHandler -->|Processes HTTP requests| Response
        %% Response -->|Creates HTTP responses| Components
    end

    subgraph "View"
        Components -->| uses| htmx
        subgraph "Hypermedia (event driven)"
            _hyperscript -->|Client side interactivity| Components
            htmx -->|Carries out event driven AJAX| HTTPHandler
        end
    end

    subgraph "Services"
        Service1 -->|Carries out application logic| DatabaseCode
        %% Service2 -->|Carries out application logic| DatabaseCode
    end

    subgraph "Database access code"
        %%DatabaseCode -->|Handles database activity| SQLite
        DatabaseCode -->|uses| SQLite
    end

    subgraph "SQLite"
        SQLite[Database]
    end

    HTTPHandler -->|uses| Service1
    HTTPHandler -->|renders| Components

    %% HTTPHandler -->|uses| Service2
    %% HTTPHandler -->|renders| Components
    %% Service1 -->|use| DatabaseCode
    %% Service2 -->|use| DatabaseCode
    %%DatabaseCode -->|uses| SQLite;
```

Commit message:

chore: clean up handlers implementation details
abstract new contact struct creation from form values
renamed services.go to contact.go in services, to better reflect the feature

Will not move http to services, as keeping it reserved for coordination of API and database activity only

ARCHITECTURE.md, after:

# Architecture

## **Figure 1:** Application Architecture

This architecture follows a typical "onion model" closely.
> ... where each layer doesn't know about the layer above it, and each layer is responsible for a specific thing.
>> [Application Architecture from templ.guide](https://templ.guide/project-structure/project-structure/#application-architecture)

```mermaid
graph TD
    %% Processes HTTP requests
    %% Does not contain application logic itself
    %% Uses services that carry out application logic
    %% Takes the responses from services and uses components to render HTML
    %% Creates HTTP responses
    subgraph "HTTP Handler"
        HTTPHandler
    end

    HTTPHandler -->|uses| Service1
    HTTPHandler -->|renders| Components

    subgraph "View"
        Components -->| uses| htmx
        subgraph "Hypermedia (event driven)"
            _hyperscript -->|Client side interactivity| Components
            htmx -->|Carries out event driven AJAX| HTTPHandler
        end
    end


    %% Carries out application logic such as orchestrating API calls, or making database calls
    %% Does not do anything related to HTML or HTTP
    %% Is not aware of the specifics of database calls
    subgraph "Services"
        Service1
        %% Service2 -->|Carries out application logic| DatabaseCode
    end

    %% Handles database activity such as inserting and querying records
    %% Ensures that the database representation (records) doesn't leak to the service layer
    subgraph "Database access code"
        Service1 --> |use| DatabaseCode
        %% Service2 -->|Carries out application logic| DatabaseCode
    end

    %% subgraph "Models"
    %%     DatabaseCode -->|use| Contact
    %% end

    DatabaseCode -->|uses| SQLite

    subgraph "Some DB"
        SQLite[Database]
    end

    %% A more complex application may have a models package containing plain structs that represent common data structures in the application, such as User.

    %% As per https://go.dev/wiki/CodeReviewComments#interfaces the HTTP handler defines the interface that it's expecting, rather than the service defining its own interface.
```
